Please provide answers to the following questions:

1- Compare a string to an array of chars.  What is the difference?

	Following are the difference between string and array of chars
	   1) String is a data structure that uses an array of characters.
	   2) Array of chars is simply an array of characters. 

2- What format string do you use to ensure that the number of input characters read by 
  scanf() into a C-style string does not exceed the 10 bytes of space that you have 
  allocated for the string?

	We can use "%10[^\n]" if we want i input that could have space or else we can use
	"%10s" to get a string does not exceed the 10 bytes of space.

3- Why does strcmp(const char*, const char*) return 0 for two matching strings?

	Both the string provided to the function are identical. So, the function returns 0.

4- If you concatenate "Hello" to "C" how many bytes of memory do you need to store the result?

	We will need 7 bytes of memory including the NULL operator. (the output will be HelloC since their is
	no space between them)

5- What was the most interesting thing you learned this semester?

	The most interesting thing i learned was File. like how we get data from them and them also store
	the data in them.

6- Do you feel that the quizzes about the week’s readings helped you learn more than you might 
   have otherwise done.

	Yes, they helped me learn more than i might have learned otherwise.

7- Are there any things that you particularly like about the way that the course is delivered?

	Weekly quizes that covered the last week and next week half. This encouraged us to stay ahead of
	class weekly schedule (well it did for me, i donot know about others).

8- Are there any things that you particularly dislike about the way that the course is delivered?

	No, everything was perfectly delivered.

9- Is there anything you would like to see added to the way the course is delivered?

	No, the course was delivered perfectly and understood everything.

10- How would you rate your level of understanding of the course topics? 

	a. Very Good.

11- Did you enjoy doing the workshops? Why?

	Yes, I enjoyed doing the workshop since it gave me more practise of testing my coding skills

12- Did you enjoy the LabA activities? 

	I enjoyed my Lab activities especially when their is no or little hint of what type of code we 
	should write and restricting us to use a particular commands like use while of switch rather then
	using if or else statement.

13- Do you feel that LabA helped you understand how to think like a programmer?

	The Lab helped me understand the way a programmer should think. like the best possible code to use
	for a particular problem without using to much memory or processing power.

14- The content of this course was

	a. Too little
   More commands should be covered like 'strncpy' and optional commands/topics in the course should 
   also be covered.
   