Please provide brief answers to the following questions:

1) When passing an array to a function is it "by address" or "by value" - explain.

	When we pass an array by its address we can access all the elements of that array by increasing the index
	since we have the firat pointer. So, when the address is passed to a function all the elements of the array
	can be accessed anf modified or changed. But that is that the case when we pass it by the value. The changes that are
	made to that specfic part of the array does not change the actual value of that element of that array adn we cannot access 
	other parts of the array. 

2) Explain why functions with an array parameter are usually complemented with an 
   additional integer parameter (reference specifics in this workshop to explain your answer).

	We know that an array has specfic size allocated to it in the program. When we pass array parameters
	to a function. It is usually followed by an interger parameter which specifices the size limit of 
	the array. for example in searchInventory() function we sent the interger parameter with the array to specify
	the size or the limit to which the array is to be accessed like if the size is 5 the array will only be
	accessed from 0 to 4. In searchInverntoy() function it will look for the book in the array limit of 0 to 4. Similarly
	we also sue this in check price function to specify the array limit till the book is searched for the price of that
	book. 

3) Why do some of the functions in this workshop specify "const" for the array parameters 
   and not in others?

	When we use const before a parameter in a function, it indicates that it is constant and
	cannot be changed during execution in the function.In this workshop we used checkprice() function
	with const type struct book and const type size. This indicates that the no chages are allowed to
	these elements. Since we only need these to check if the book exits if yes what is its price rather
	than adding book which we used in function called addbook() where their is no constant since we 
	want the value to change little bit and those are store in the array.